---
title: 'Home'

layout: nil
---

# Breadwinner API for Xero

## Introduction

Breadwinner global API used to make request to Xero. Request & responses are defined in such a way that, you can make use of them and form the required things for the request and also to handle the response.

We have created two Handlers, one is for Request and another is for Response. They are named as RequestObject and ResponseObject respectively.

Currently, we are providing API to create, update and fetch Xero Contacts, Invoices, Bills, and Purchase Orders from Salesforce to Xero.

Breadwinner Provides Apex classes and methods. Users can use these, in their own custom Apex code to perform there need. The following are the class and methods.

## BreadwinnerAPI Class
This is a global class where you can access RequestObject and ResponseObject.

### Namespace
“bw_xero_api01” : Use this name space to access BreadwinnerAPI class and methods.

## BreadwinnerAPI Methods
The following are instance methods for BreadwinnerAPI.

### * Call()
This is a global method which will return list of Customers or Invoices in the form of BreadwinnerAPI.ResponseObject. It takes two parameters.

<b>Action</b>: Used to define the type of action that needs to be performed.
E.g : createCustomer, createInvoice,… see List of actions

<b>Request</b>: An instance of RequestObject is accepted.
E.g : BreadwinnerAPI.RequestObject request = new BreadwinnerAPI.RequestObject();


Note: This is an synchronous method, it will make http callouts. So, to access “BreadwinnerAPI.Call()” method please enable callouts by annotating the future method, or use Queueable Apex.
eg: @Future(callout=true)

### Signature
BreadwinnerAPI.ResponseObject call(String Action, BreadwinnerAPI.RequestObject request)

## BreadwinnerAPI inner classes
RequestObject - Class<br/>
ResponseObject - Class